Well, it looks like we were able to put up some payroll processing from the payroll officer to the verifier, to the controller, to the payroll manager. And some items here are lacking, like for the payroll officer we have to include information in addition to what we've said, the leaves and absences are not taken into consideration here. And this would be for more of the employees, because employees sometimes they need to have leave with pay. So we have to account for the leaves with pay and without pay, so we could have this affect the gross pay or the basic pay. Just for discussion, this one is for the guards. Eventually, we need to have absences and leaves for the other employees. Also, we need to have an ops workload. Basically, ops would be looking for the clock events, and then the time logs, DTRs, and timesheets. But they are more focused on the hours rendered. Although the tables associated with these would have costs amounts, but they would not have views on these. So with the payroll officer, we have views on the corresponding costs that are based on the load for the overtime and the differential, also the contract rates basis. But for ops and the timekeeper, their role are more of seeing to it the field is working fine, and the objective is to properly account for the hours rendered. That's their main objective. And together with ops, there is this thing that we are setting up where we are using a biometric based system for the clock events by default. It has been discussed here before. It will be included here in our discussions of the updated details of the narrative roles for each of the roles, so we can make the corresponding integration. It will be all on the same page. Based on the workflow for the ops, it's like that. We need to introduce some UIs so that their objectives will be. One objective is for them to be able to make changes to the time logs. What we're seeing right now is that clock events are not editable. They're editable if they're coming from Excel, but they're not editable if they're coming from the biometric device. There is also this functionality, therefore, that Excel sheets in place of the biometric device can be used as a source of the clock events. I'm not sure what kind of tools are we providing the ops, but it should be aligned with the beautiful thing that you have for the most part. We're zeroing in on the ops and timekeeper workflow. Also, there's another one. It's a workflow for the HR officer, but this is more of a simple thing where each employee will have a table together with the balances of the types of leaps, which are not used yet. That's the role of the HR officer. I have some doc data that I will need to change into text file and insert here so that it will make more sense. For now, since we have a very nice, comprehensive description of the workflow for payroll, we need to do something for time sheets. That's what we have for now.