
Well, the timesheet route that we created is, you know, it's really so good. Now I'm thinking about a paysheet. But it's not an easy thing because the objective of displaying the paysheet in the point of view of a payroll officer is it's like the input will be the timesheets associated with the pay period for a certain guard, a certain employee. You see one employee or one guard needs to have one paysheet record for a pay period. But then if the guard, say for example, has been assigned or is assigned to different detachments or same detachment of a different shift, then each detachment shift in position requires a different timesheet. The reason is because the contract rates are different for these combinations and we have different timesheets. So it's easy for each combination, say for a guard. So given the paysheet, we need to somehow associate all the timesheets associated with them and must be able to display what we have done earlier. Drill down of different timesheets associated with the paysheet, and then each timesheet DTR and each DTR time logs and each time log the clock event. And then there's this other side. It's a paysheet. A paysheet, once the timesheet is finalized, a paysheet will be created, and it gets the total number of, for each timesheet, for each paysheet, then it will aggregate the total number of regular hours logged in on the whole set of timesheets. For example, the employee has two timesheets associated with the payperiod, and the paysheet will now have, not the total hours, but now, how would we model it? The timesheet would have columns. That would be computation based on the computed rates, but only the payroll officer should be able to see a few things. That would be the starting point. So if we now aggregate the base pay, it would be based on the computed pay, based on the hours rendered of the first eight hours, and the OT and the 90 pension for each term. And all the aggregations of these based on the paysheets would be mapped to the paysheet. That's stage one. The payroll officer is basically just responsible for this amount. But then the payroll officer is also responsible for at least initiating the different deductions, and possibly adding rewards or allowances for the period. You see these allowances, and these loans, and government deductions for SSS, PADBIC, and HDMF. All of these are structured in such a way that they have schedules. So initially, on the first level, there's an association between the guard and the loan. For a loan, there's a total amount. And then there's a schedule of the details of the payment. The allowances also, they could be every month. There's no total for the allowance, but it's more of a per month thing that will be given to the person. So again, these are payments that eventually the controller and the verifier will look into. So again, the allowances will have schedules that will be associated with the pay period. Likewise, all the government contributions per pay period will have already. They need to have these schedules as well. And also for the others, there could be rewards, there could be other types of payroll, what have you, that can be associated whenever we're computing for the net pay. So we start with the net pay, and there should be a management of the different loans, allowances, government contributions, or for the guard. So it's kind of complicated, it's not an easy thing to do. And in fact, I'm asking you to help me organize a good user interface for the payroll officer, and for the verifier to look into, and eventually the controller to approve. For the verifier to verify. So all of these entities should have their models applied to the schema. So our first step now is to organize our schema. So we have a list of guards already. We just will take it out. And maybe restructure our timesheets. Each guard will have its own timesheet. Currently our timesheet is structured in such a way that it's not directly oriented to a guard. But now we need to make changes to that. There will be changes now for the timesheet, and because of the timesheet and the paysheet feature, we wanted to take out and configure our references. So we have a list of guards, say an ID and the name. And we'll have a list of pay periods. That's an ID and a period start date and a period end date. And then we have shifts. For the company, it will be just two. A day shift and a night shift. So day shift will be 6am to 6pm, from and to time. And then there's a night shift. It's 6pm to 6am. And then we'll have detachments. How do we call them? Locations. On location, we'll have a detachment. And sometimes the locations can have only detachments. In some locations, we'll have detachments in some areas. And then we have a relationship between a detachment and shift. And then we also have, you know, even just a few records for the positions. Like a guard and a supervisor, for now. And all these right now should be making changes to our timesheets. Where our timesheet will just have a set of direct values. They will have foreign keys and foreign IDs. Like a timesheet will now have a guard ID, a pay period ID, a location ID, a shift ID. And a position ID. Also, we missed something. We have contract rates. Which is a combination of a location, a position, and a shift. Then we have a rate.In addition, we also have foreign key mapping to our paysheet, where a paysheet will be associated with more than one timesheet. Of course, a guard ID, pay period ID. Of course, a timesheet would also have a pay period ID if I missed that. Those are the reference ones. But column-wise, a paysheet would have the basic pay there, which is actually an aggregation of all the timesheets, regular hours costed based on the computed rates. And also, in addition to the overtime hours based on the contracted rates. Let's just say there are no holidays and weekend work computation, it's a straightaway rate. And for the detachments, we can have just maybe around four detachments. One that has just one detachment, and the other three could be a detachment and different sub-aliens. And shift is a night shift and a day shift. And positions would be just a supervisor and just a guard. And all of these will come into play for the timesheet and for the paysheet. And then we'll have loans. Of course, the name of the ID and the name of the loan. And we'll have allowances, the name of the allowance category and an ID. And what else? Benefits and rewards for now. We just have something like an ID and benefits and rewards for now. And then we have loans. And then we have government contributions. ID for SSS, an ID for HTML, and an ID for field health. So all of those would be set up. They are payroll-related items. And then we associate guards to these. That's the work of the payroll officer to set up a guard loan set up. And then we have a guard allowance set up. We have a guard benefits and rewards set up. A guard and SSS set up. A guard and HTML set up. And a guard and field health set up. Did I miss something? Just before that, I was mentioning all the payroll references. And we just need to create a reference that would associate each of those with guards. And each of these guards, for example, guard allowance combination, will have a schedule. It's a guard allowance, pay period, and an amount. We need to have a date and a status. Date would be the date created and the date applied. And then status would be the set and status applied. Or status as new. And then for the guard, going back to the guard loan or guard allowance is just a guard ID. The name of the allowance, the allowance ID. And the total amount. And the date created. Something like that for all of them. And then we'll have facilities for setting this one up for guards. So that's the thing. The payroll officer set up is complicated. So might as well have a portal for the payroll officer. Where it sets up the references. Maybe you help me out. How do we design the interface for this one? It starts with a portal for the payroll officer. Give me ideas. Given a pay period, we can have a list of the guards. And then each guard selected will have a panel for the timesheets associated. We have a record, a paysheet record associated with the pay period. And then we have a panel to list out the timesheets. Or maybe a paysheet and then it's drillable down to the timesheets and the time allowance and the clock events. And now the timesheets would have amounts which the payroll officer would be able to look at. That's one. And then we have another one given the pay period and the guard. We have another tab. The first tab would be the paysheet. I don't know, the timesheet detail drilling down. It's more like there's a filter of pay period and then there's a list of guards on the left. And then each guard, when selected, there's already on the top panel, after the filters, there's already a paysheet for the pay period. And then there will be a first panel for timesheets associated with the paysheet that's drillable. And then there are tabs for the different... One tab for the loans for the guard. Then there's a schedule that will be drilled down. Then there's another tab for the loans. A tab for the SSS. A tab for all these that I mentioned. Each tab that is not a timesheet tab will have this structure. If it's a loan, then there's one record for that pay period that's the loan. Then... Then all the... There's a filter in that tab that says all pay periods, all schedules or something. No, no. No, no. Erase, erase. So we go back. The panel would look like initially there's a filter for the pay period. And then there's a list of the guards. A list of detachment on the left. And then when you click the detachment, a list of locations. Why don't we do it again. Erase, erase. We have a payroll officer portal or page where we will be presented with a complex grid if you will. Where initially there's a filter for the pay period that's external. Then we have on the left, we have a drillable grid of locations. The location will be the detachment records under the location. Each detachment is drillable to the guards assigned to that detachment. Note here, since per pay period, a guard can have different timesheets. So this is one view where the controlling thing is the location. So why don't we... Yeah, again. We have a pay period selection filter on top of the page. And then the main body of the page would have a filter again for...To continue, we start with the filters on top of the page. A filter for the PayPill, and then a filter if we filter for the guards or location, meaning the guard and location will be associated with the left panel. It's a drillable grid where if we choose guards, we'll have a listing of the guards. It's an AG grid where you can list out the name, the last name or the first name, so we can filter based on the last name or the first name. Or, if we choose a location, the grid on the left will be displaying a list of locations, or actually a list of detachment sub-areas. Yeah. And, again, you can filter by detachment, filter by sub-areas. And then these are drillable, of course. Just I think one level of drilling only. Ah, no, a location can be drillable into first detachments. And if it has no sub-area, it says no sub-area, but it's still selectable. And if the detachment has a number of sub-areas, then we have to list down each one. Now, here's the main thing. If we select a guard, just one guard at a time, there will be checkboxes on the drill-down thing. If we select a guard, and then here's the thing. The main panel now on the right, imagine, will be displaying the page heat on top. So it's a panel which displays page heat information on top. And then there will be two tabs. One tab for the timesheets, and one tab for the payroll. The timesheets would be, if we choose the timesheet, it will display the timesheets associated for the pay period. And these are drillable. That is what we have done earlier. It's a drill from timesheet, and then the DTR, and the time log, and then the block events. But this time, this will have not only total hours, but they will have money amounts. And mind you, the timekeeper and ops will not be able to see these. It's only the payroll officer that will be able to view these. And then if we compute the money-money values of all these timesheets, they will be aggregated on top. The cost for the regular hours, and the cost for the overtime, and the cost for the night differential. So basically what is reflected there is basic pay. And then we'll have, instead of payroll, we'll have, you know, change that payroll thing. There will be another tab for allowances. And then another tab for deductions. Allowances will include rewards. For the allowances, we'll have just the listing for the pay period. The different scheduled allowances for the person. Rewards for the person. So it's basically a union of what can be added to the basic pay. And then deductions will be a list of records. It's a union of all the records that will be deducted from the basic pay. Like government contributions. So there will be a section there for... This tab would have each... No, we changed that. It would be three different grids for allowances. A grid for the allowances for the period. A grid for rewards for the period. A grid for benefits for the period. And deductions would be a grid for insurance pay. A grid for SSS deductions. Deductions. A grid for... Pag-giving. A grid for HDNR. Something like that. So then, if we go back to the top record, it would be an aggregation of basic pay, aggregation of deductions, and aggregation of allowances. So, in a nutshell, if you choose the guard for a pay period, and you select on the filter on top, the guard, guards, and then you select eventually on the left panel, the actual guard, then you will be displaying all the timesheets and the actual amount. That's the basic pay. Then you'll be presented, if you choose the tab for allowances, all the things that will be added will be there on different grids. The total will be in the allowances. And then, all deductions will also be displayed on that tab. Sometimes it will be empty. And then, so, we have a paysheet above that will be summarizing the basic pay, the deductions, allowances, and the net pay will be there. Maybe plus tax. We also include that for the guards. There's a tax table also included. So, that's what we have for the payroll officer, or maybe the verifier and the controller. But the payroll officer, in addition, should be able to set up the CRUDs for the loans, different loans, allowances, and government contributions. So, how would that look like? It could be another page for the payroll. So, we'll have a portal, really, for the payroll officer, a portal to view the paysheet, and a portal to manage the loans, the allowances, the government contributions, and the tax. So, that page would be, the user should be able to manage the schedules for each. That's the idea. Now, help me organize this. It's just an internal introduction of the ideas that I have. And we should be able to come up with a proper user interface for this one. The first interface is kind of clear. It's more a view of, basically, a payslip, where the verifier and the controller will have a view. It will be based on the pay period. For the guard, it will be based on the pay period and the location. But eventually, it's the guard. So, it's the location. It starts with the location. You drill down until you have the list of guards. Or, if you choose the guard option, it will give you a list of guards. Straight away, that's the idea. And then, the second set of items for the payroll officer portal would be a setup of the loans. Initially, a setup of the different loans on a high level. Allowances on a high level, by themselves. So, allowance table. And then, the government contribution table. It's basically the government table. SSS table and deductions for what range and what rules are there. There should be a way there to set these ones up on the first level. The first level of setup for the payroll officer should be the different list of loans, a list of allowances, a list of deductions, a list of whatever you want.Well, to continue, as I've said, the payroll officer will be setting up a lot of things. In addition to actually having to share this screen with the controller and the verifier, which I've discussed earlier. In addition to that, the payroll officer should be able to maintain the ones that I just said, the reference tables, the list of available loans, the list of available allowances, a list of generic allowances. No, but that's allowances and deductions. Loans, deductions, allowances. Let's start from there. So those are three tables. And then we should be able to set up the tables for SSS, PANIMIC, and HTML. So anchored on an effectivity date and some other data, maybe just remarks, so that we could handle these. So there's an effectivity start and effectivity end date for the setting of these. That's first. And then there will be another set of setup for the payroll officer. This is the main thing. Given the guard. This is maybe the third one for the payroll officer. For the payroll officer, given the guard, you will be selecting the other one. The list of another filter will be the loans, the deductions, allowances, and actually those three, because the other three would just be... Oh yeah, let's just add that. Like setup for guard SSS, guard HTML, and guard PANIMIC. So the idea being is the main panel of this would be just... setting up of the schedules for each of these. One is to create... If the guard doesn't have this, it should be quite difficult creating for each guard. A guard should always have a loan, an allowance, government deductions, and a tax relationship, even if these have no details or schedule. And then select the name of the guard. And then select the type. Type could be any of these, any of the loan, deductions, allowance, and government contributions. If you select, for example, a loan, it will be presented with the schedule for pay period. And the schedule would either have a display of these have been paid already, or these are still fresh, and how much, something like that. That's the idea. So maybe we end there, and then we just continue. I want you to organize this payroll officer, emerging payroll officer UI, which are, in a way, grouped into three. The first one is shared with the controller and the verifier. The second and third are actually setups, and the association of the guard and the different allowances, loans, government contributions. And the third one is actually setting up, configuring the actual schedule, the detail for pay period. Okay. I think the first one where it is shared, the shared view, we can add there a waiving of the schedule. But this one will be reflected on the database eventually. But we will display there if that particular schedule is waived, so that it won't be included in the aggregate computation. I think we have something emerging here. Help me organize these, and maybe we could break it in sections, so that it's manageable. It's a massive ideation for the payroll officer, the controller, and the verifier.